# Nest JS Rest API for matching job applicants with job vacancies

This project is a Nest JS Rest API that allows to match job applicants with available job vacancies by comparing their skills with the required skills for the vacancies.

## Features

- Job applicants can register on the platform and add their skills.
- Employers can register new job vacancies and specify the required skills for each of them.
- The API automatically matches job applicants with available job vacancies, comparing their skills with the required skills for each vacancy.
- Job applicants and employers can access a dashboard to view job vacancies and candidates suggested by the API.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/nestjs-job-matching.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

``` bash
cd nestjs-job-matching
npm install
```

3. Running the app:

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```


The API will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

## Technologies used

- Nest JS
- TypeScript
- MongoDB
- TODO: Jest (for testing) 

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
# $ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
# $ npm run test:cov
```

## Swagger DOC

The Swagger documentation API will be available at `http://localhost:3000/api/`.


-------------------
# Entities ID

The IDs of the entities are UUIDs and should be generated by the API consumer or client.
To generate entity IDs on the client-side rather than on the server-side has several advantages:

- Avoids the need to wait for the server to generate a unique ID for each entity, which can slow down API response time.

- Allows the client to assign meaningful IDs or IDs based on their own identification system, which can facilitate data integration between different systems.

- Reduces the server's burden of having to generate and maintain a large number of unique IDs for each entity.

- Enables clients to work with entities that have not yet been created on the server, which can be useful in synchronization or caching scenarios.

In summary, allowing the client to generate UUID v4 entity IDs can improve API efficiency and flexibility, as well as facilitate integration with other systems and reduce the burden on the server.

-----------------
## Contributions

If you wish to contribute to this project, you are welcome to do so! Simply fork the repository, make your changes, and send a pull request. You can also open issues to report bugs or propose new features.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. You may use it for commercial and non-commercial purposes, modify it, and distribute it freely as long as you maintain the original license.
